2013 starts in the best way for
the casertana 2 to 0 at the island nazareth
liri and distances from the summit they return
unless successful, dedicated to San Basile
out for the fracture of the fibula of nola
distorts the starting form 4 3 3
with gargiulo right back in the center
Easter display and scognamiglio
small piece left midfield with
Tuscan Maresca Lane forward
martone supported by the wine and varsi
on the other side Mr. Cioffi relies
to the ex tufano i giglio and to the experience
of the various orient allocca and French
referee michieli di padova placed in
Palio is quite high and on the beach
social rhythms are not very high
guests to try with more
conviction by giving sporadic e
sterile counter-opponents to the
nineteenth punishment from the 25 meters of
run to the side not much
two rounds of hands we try to wine but
of stone does not risk a blow
at the edge of the field the good ball happens
instead on the head of a hammer that though
a few meters from the door it coordinates badly
wasting dramatically
seems made at the fortieth with Tuscan
that finds itself face to face with the extreme
defender, however, able to close it
mirror taking refuge in the corner
that's all the first part of the race
closes without recovery
in the second recovery, the time in Caserta
to put the hawks in the middle of the ball
pass martone wins a punishment
from the limit on the sphere it must be crossed that
draws an impregnable parable for
of the first stone center with the new one
jersey for him that a Caserta doc
the island is taken by despair
the minute risk later with wine
which, however, aims too high
this fits in caligiuri trying to
reinforce the attack
but it is a right of frightening carfora
Longobards careful to repel
he shouts at the rigor of the 25th when
tufano comes into contact with gargiulo
the referee continues
among the vehement local protests i
Campania
a great deal on the break
forces the deviation of the stone
foot enters exposed for martone and behold
doubling the corner from the left
scognamiglio hits you see repulsed
the conclusion from the exposed goalkeeper on
quicker than all three points in
safe meets see still exhibited
has its own encore but this time to the
better the extreme defender ends with
the rossoblu party for a victory that
restores moral confidence and shortens them
distances with the summit